Remove the time bit, fix headings (#12808)
apache/druid: docs/design/segments.md

* `XXXXX.smoosh`

>     Smoosh (`.smoosh`) files contain concatenated binary data. This file consolidation reduces the number of file descriptors that must be open when accessing data. The files should be 2 GB or less in size to remain within the limit of a memory mapped `ByteBuffer` in Java. Smoosh files contain individual files for each column in the data and an `index.drd` file that contains additional segment metadata.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Smoosh (`.smoosh`) files contain concatenated binary data. This file consolidation reduces the number of file descriptors that must be open when accessing data. The files are 2 GB or less in size to remain within the limit of a memory-mapped `ByteBuffer` in Java. Smoosh files contain individual files for each column in the data and an `index.drd` file that contains additional segment metadata.
```

Reviewer: Another suggestion, to integrate the `__time` column:
```suggestion
Smoosh (`.smoosh`) files contain concatenated binary data. This file consolidation reduces the number of file descriptors that must be open when accessing data. The files are 2 GB or less in size to remain within the limit of a memory-mapped `ByteBuffer` in Java. Smoosh files contain the following:
* Individual files for each column in the data, including one for the `__time` column that refers to the time column of the segment
* An `index.drd` file that contains additional segment metadata
```

Reviewer 2: +1 for Victoria's suggestion

Author: I think we should make it explicit that the `__time` column refers to the timestamp of the segment.
